Once you start building out stream applications,
it's typical that you'll find yourself performing similar operations over and over.
Faust provides a mechanism by which you can define
stream processing functions and then chain them
together automatically as data arrives in your application.
Once you've defined one of these functions once,
you can reuse it on any other new or existing streams you may already have.
The one caveat is that the other streams must use
the same model and expect the same output as the function you defined.
Defining processor functions is simple.
As you can see, you simply define a function that accepts
the input stream model and outputs the output stream model, is that simple?
Finally, these functions can be synchronous or asynchronous.
To make this function asynchronous,
we would simply add the a sync keyword to the front of the function definition.
Whether the processors are synchronous or asynchronous,
they will all complete before the output value is generated.